<div class="challenge-instructions react-and-redux"><div><section id="description">
<p>Now that you've written both the <code>mapStateToProps()</code> and the <code>mapDispatchToProps()</code> functions, you can use them to map <code>state</code> and <code>dispatch</code> to the <code>props</code> of one of your React components. The <code>connect</code> method from React Redux can handle this task. This method takes two optional arguments, <code>mapStateToProps()</code> and <code>mapDispatchToProps()</code>. They are optional because you may have a component that only needs access to <code>state</code> but doesn't need to dispatch any actions, or vice versa.</p>
<p>To use this method, pass in the functions as arguments, and immediately call the result with your component. This syntax is a little unusual and looks like:</p>
<pre class="language-js"><code class="language-js"><span class="token function">connect</span><span class="token punctuation">(</span>mapStateToProps<span class="token punctuation">,</span> mapDispatchToProps<span class="token punctuation">)</span><span class="token punctuation">(</span>MyComponent<span class="token punctuation">)</span>
</code></pre>
<p><strong>Note:</strong> If you want to omit one of the arguments to the <code>connect</code> method, you pass <code>null</code> in its place.</p>
</section></div><hr/><div><section id="instructions">
<p>The code editor has the <code>mapStateToProps()</code> and <code>mapDispatchToProps()</code> functions and a new React component called <code>Presentational</code>. Connect this component to Redux with the <code>connect</code> method from the <code>ReactRedux</code> global object, and call it immediately on the <code>Presentational</code> component. Assign the result to a new <code>const</code> called <code>ConnectedComponent</code> that represents the connected component. That's it, now you're connected to Redux! Try changing either of <code>connect</code>'s arguments to <code>null</code> and observe the test results.</p>
</section></div><hr/></div>