<div class="challenge-instructions react-and-redux"><div><section id="description">
<p>You're almost done! Recall that you wrote all the Redux code so that Redux could control the state management of your React messages app. Now that Redux is connected, you need to extract the state management out of the <code>Presentational</code> component and into Redux. Currently, you have Redux connected, but you are handling the state locally within the <code>Presentational</code> component.</p>
</section></div><hr/><div><section id="instructions">
<p>In the <code>Presentational</code> component, first, remove the <code>messages</code> property in the local <code>state</code>. These messages will be managed by Redux. Next, modify the <code>submitMessage()</code> method so that it dispatches <code>submitNewMessage()</code> from <code>this.props</code>, and pass in the current message input from local <code>state</code> as an argument. Because you removed <code>messages</code> from local state, remove the <code>messages</code> property from the call to <code>this.setState()</code> here as well. Finally, modify the <code>render()</code> method so that it maps over the messages received from <code>props</code> rather than <code>state</code>.</p>
<p>Once these changes are made, the app will continue to function the same, except Redux manages the state. This example also illustrates how a component may have local <code>state</code>: your component still tracks user input locally in its own <code>state</code>. You can see how Redux provides a useful state management framework on top of React. You achieved the same result using only React's local state at first, and this is usually possible with simple apps. However, as your apps become larger and more complex, so does your state management, and this is the problem Redux solves.</p>
</section></div><hr/></div>